# GitHub and Playgrounds

## GitHub

GitHub is commonly used by both independent developers and software companies for project hosting. 
In the case of indie developers or students, it’s a great place to showcase your work. In the case 
of software companies, many teams will host their codebase on GitHub as a private repository, and 
work as a team on it. GitHub has a section of guides on how to get familiar with some of these 
practices (https://guides.github.com/). 

I would look at those guides for secondary reference, though. To get started, 
[Daniel Schiffman of Processing fame](http://shiffman.net/) has started a new
[YouTube tutorial series on how to use Git and GitHub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCQHnlnPusY&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6ZF9C0YMKuns9sLDzK6zoiV&index=1). Daniel’s extremely 
enthusiastic in these videos, and more importantly, very clear. There's nothing about code in these 
videos, just the concepts of using Git and GitHub. 

Though probably beyond the time-frame of your iOS course, I would say it is essential for students 
entering industry to be familiar with concepts such as branching, forking, and pull-requests. Being 
familiar with these will help anyone entering the software development industry in an internship or 
entry-level position, as they're used almost universally. 


## Playgrounds

AudioKit Playgrounds are great for rapid sound-design and audio prototyping. Since playgrounds allow 
you to make changes to your code without having to recompile them, you’re able to quickly hear how 
your new code changes affect the sound. This rapid feedback cuts down on development time. If you 
want to hear what your oscillator sounds like at a different frequency, you just change the 
frequency and you’ll hear the result; without having to recompile an app. 

Anything you create in a Playground can be used in an iOS or OS X app. A typical workflow may be 
that you spend some time creating the sounds you want for your app in a Playground, and then adding 
those to your app when you’re satisfied with what you hear. 

The AudioKit website has a whole section devoted to [Playgrounds](http://audiokit.io/playgrounds/). 
Here, you’ll find not only the code for these Playgrounds, but also videos demonstrating their usage. 

There’s no additional set-up to use Playgrounds; you’ll just need to make sure you download the 
source-code, and not just the pre-compiled frameworks. The video in the “Installation” section of 
the page I linked to above explains how to get started using Playgrounds. 
